Show me what you did!
We're almost done here.
Almost done.!
He needs to show us,
what was doing.
The internet...
better connectivity
for the city of Qom.
A pig!
We call Quds Force.
We were hired by your Government.
All clear...
Next.
Passport?
Place your fingers on there.
What is your business in the
Islamic Emirate?
I'm working with the
Red Crescent...
Drought relief.
Do not take pictures.
You are to obey Sharia law
Luckily most of the radiation...
is trapped underground.
The Supreme Leader
thinks we look weak.
Especially after Natanz.
He wants a public execution for
the person responsible.
Only the Americans or
Israelis, have this capability-
Yes, the problem is
proving it.
We're monitoring a journalist...
She received classified files,
on all CIA operations
in the Middle East.
Do whatever it
takes Farzad.
And do it quick.
The Northern Alliance conducted
raids in Sherberghan.
They're massing a small force
outside of Kunduz.
We need more ammunition for
the M4's and rockets -
I want to talk about the killings...
in Herat, the teachers.
Reeducating the population...
...in the old ways.
Set forth by
Mullah Omar-
You've been given a gift
from God.
You've slayed...
the American dragon.
Now you must focus on reuniting
your People.
So the Caliphate... like a seed
in the wind can spread.
Very good.
PAKISTAN
How did the meeting go?
Sir, they've all gone mad.
Times have changed...
and these guys are still living
in the past.
As long as they keep their backs
to India.
Did you see the news?
Someone burned
down Iran's crown jewel.
Be ready...
your country may need you.
Yes, sir.
Nahal dear,
it's good to see you.
It's so good to see you.
How's your family?
How's my Adela?
They are fine.
We're living outside of Baltimore.
Why are you here?
The Taliban are still
searching for us.
Adela's sister Fatemah
went missing.
I promised Adela I'd find her.
She was teaching in Herat.
I don't know what happened
to Fatemah.
I only know that the female
teachers disappeared.
There was never going to be a
place for us
with the Taliban.
Not as Judges, Teachers,
Translators or Doctors.
I'll send a word, if I
hear anything about Fatemah.
Thank you.
Come with me...
There's a flight out.
I can't leave.
Too much was gained.
We lost our freedom.
We can't do it again.
I'm sorry.
Hello my dear son.
Dear son,
you are always in our hearts.
I miss you so much.
I wish I had died
and you were alive.
Der Herold's editor-in-chief
Hans Forsberg...
...said he felt compelled to
make sure
Cujai's efforts were not in vain.
Hence, the
releasing of her report.
Get in quick.
My scout got me this.
We found where he is... Herat.
Put together an action team.
I want to deliver him to the
Supreme Leader...
Before sundown.
Yes sir.
Get me on the phone to
Agent Nazir.
I need you in Herat.
What's so
special about Herat?
The spy who sabotaged the Iranians.
Sir, I was spending my two days
of holiday -
Leave now.
I want you to capture him,
before the Iranians.
We'll sell him on the
open market.
Let's grab him quick
and get back home.
The Taliban are looking for any excuse
to blame us for their failures.
Avoid civilian casualties
at all costs.
Understand?
The honorable Kahil.
I know who you want...
But the Iranians have already paid,
to cross the border.
He's their target now.
I'll double whatever they
paid you.
I don't want money.
Make me the head of
the military council.
My Pakistani brother.
We're green.
Go.
They're in the market.
They changed vehicles!
Nissan truck.
Don't lose him.
Still can't find them.
Search the entire city.
Stay here, in case he tries
to escape.
We've got company,
black motorcycle.
We see him.
Oh my God, you idiot!
What the hell?
Look what you did to my car.
May your house fall down.
Police!
Hurry! Block him!
Block his way, hurry!
Get out!
They're in a Nissan pickup.
Find them!
We have our scouts
searching now.
They got away...
heading east from
the warehouse area.
He went that way!
Going to visit an old friend
in Delaram...
Iranian pigs go home!
Traitors!
The Taliban are letting us take
the body back to Tehran.
Hi, my love.
When will you be
coming home?
I want to make us dinner.
I'm going to be late.
Is everything alright?
I'll be back as
soon as I can.
Give Camila a kiss from Baba.
Okay.
Stay safe Farzad.
Do you know who I am?
I.S.I.
What are
you doing out here?
Protecting the road
from Takfiris,
non-believers and enemies
of the Taliban.
I can build IEDS,
fire rifles, AKs, M4s
and Sig Sauers.
Have you read the Quran
for yourself?
No right?
Then how can you know
what it means,
to be a true believer?
You might find it to be very different...
from what they're telling you
it says.
Hey little one...
have you seen this man?
Do you know where he was going?
Toward Delaram.
Thank you.
Take the shot!
We're taking fire.
Fire another shot!
He's hit!
Land!
Split up... Flank their position.
Copy.
There!
Kill him.
Are you ready...
to fight for Allah?
No, thank you.
It must feel...
strange for you.
Like a lion tamer,
entering the cage,
without his whip.
Neither American, nor Afghan.
You have no place.
I know who you really are.
Me?
Enlighten me.
You are a traitor.
Your son?
I am... truly sorry.
You want revenge?
God might not
forgive your sins...
...but I do.
But I do.
For you.
Our target is heading
to Kandahar.
His flight is leaving
in six hours.
He is traveling
in an old ANA truck.
I will catch
this spy for you.
Good.
But after that
I want a transfer.
I am sick of the desert...
This place
is like a rotting corpse.
Then where would you
like to go Kahil?
I don't know
Okay I promise...
that you will get all the
western "culture" you want.
Only if you get
this job done for me.
Rasoul, it is me.
The Paks can have your friend.
Or the Iranians.
I don't care about him.
But you
will never leave here.
Traitor.
You must pay for your sins.
Rasoul.
ISIS is attacking us!
Go! Go!
Go there, go!
ISIS fighters
are attacking us!
ISIS are you sure?
They have heavy weapons!
You hear me!
I'm coming for the target.
Pakistani asshole!
They broke through the gate!
Everyone to the gate!
That's not ISIS.
What?
They're Afghan Commandos.
We'll cut them off
at Maiwand.
An old CIA base
is near there.
The Brits have
an inbound plane.
This is Agent Nazir.
All Taliban Red
unit and Badri 313...
Prepare to stage in Maiwand.
Stay close.
Get the bike ready.
There is no God...
except Allah.
And... Muhammad is...
...The messenger of Allah.
The Gentle...
The Merciful... The Kind...
This is Agent Nazir.
Mortar team on my signal.
Fire at the Land Cruiser!
Now! Now!
Don't let them
enter the base.
Stop all fire.
All Taliban forces
hold your position.
The traget is mine.
I'm going in.